I Eddard of the House Stark Lord of
Winterfell and warden of the North
sentence you to die so I saw I saw White
Walkers understand why I did it it was a
deserter man who passes the sentence
should swing the sword does it Troy saw
the White Walkers the madman sees what
he sees Lord Eddard Stark I would name
you the hand of the king enjoy that's
what you tell your family tell
yourselves that's what men always say
when honor calls you do have a choice
and you've made it
bastard boy with nothing to inherit off
to serve an Ancient Order of the Nights
Watch that's damn I fear will be all in
black it was always my color even never
afraid there's nothing to be afraid of
chosen your opponent's worries that I
have a knack for it Targaryen girl
convinces her horselord husband to
invade we will be able to stop them
get it over with cats have throats we
commit murder on the word of this man
I'm a purveyor of beauty and discretion
all desires are valid jorick to a man
with a full purse we've come to a
dangerous place
I was trying to kill my enemies as was i
everybody knew what this place was no
one told me well it's no appears you're
the least useless person here perhaps I
was wrong to distrust you this just in
me was the wildest thing you've done
since you climbed off your horse getting
it all up eating the piece it's fear
fear and blue
you